After learning that Israeli Housing and Construction Ministry has issued tenders for building 2,600 new houses for Jewish settlers in West Bank settlements, the Peace Now group said this action will cause more trouble for the Israeli-Palestinian final-status talks The number of new tenders issued by the ministry exceeds the total number issued in the three years' tenure of the previous government led by Benjamin Netanyahu, the satement added.
Peace Now, the leading Israeli peace organization supporting the Middle East peace process, also revealed that there are still 5,892 new housing units now under construction in various settlements in the West Bank and Gaza Strip because of the Likud-led government's policy of encouraging the settlement expansion.
Peace Now, an Israeli group opposed to the government's settlement policy, visited all but two of Israel's 144 settlements in the West Bank and Gaza on Wednesday and counted 5,892 units under construction.
GAZA, December 7 (Xinhua) -- Israel confiscated 17,000 donums (1,596.3 hectares) of Palestinian land in 1998 to expand Jewish settlements in the West Bank and Gaza Strip and 154 Palestinians were killed in conflicts triggered by the expansion activities, said an official report.
CAIRO, November 29 (Xinhua) -- The Palestinian Authority (PA) has accused the Israeli settlement policy of aiming to prevent the establishment of an independent Palestinian state and isolating Jerusalem from the West Bank through building new Jewish settlements.
Under pressure from the United States and the Palestinians to halt settlement construction, Israel has said it would not build new settlements but Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu supports expanding new settlements to accommodate what he terms ``natural growth.'' The term is loosely defined and the Jewish settler movement usually plants trailer homes on hilltops near older, existing settlements, defines them as neighborhoods, and then slowly moves in families to the new area.
Under pressure from the United States and the Palestinians to halt settlement construction, Israel has said it would not build new settlements but Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu supports expanding new settlements to accommodate what he terms ``natural growth.'' The term is loosely defined and the Jewish settler movement usually plants trailer homes on hilltops near older, existing settlements, defines them as neighborhoods, and then slowly moves in families to the new area.
JERUSALEM, August 13 (Xinhua) -- Activists from Israel's Peace Now movement scuffled with Jewish settlers Friday when they toured a hilltop near a West Bank settlement to monitor what they called illegal settlement expansions.
&UR; ml-kl JERUSALEM (AP) _ In a move seen by critics as a slap in the face of U.S. peacemakers, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is to attend a ceremony Wednesday to confer city status on the Jewish West Bank settlement of Ariel.
&UR; lc-kl JERUSALEM (AP) _ In a move seen by critics as a slap in the face of U.S. peacemakers, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is to attend a ceremony Wednesday to confer city status on the Jewish West Bank settlement of Ariel.
JERUSALEM (AP) _ In a show of solidarity with the Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza Strip, Israel's Arab community on Friday announced a boycott of 120 goods made in Jewish settlements.
JERUSALEM, April 12 (Xinhua) -- In defiance of fresh U.S. criticism over increasing Jewish settlement activities in the West Bank, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu Monday pledged to further expand settlement construction.
The Palestinians, who regards Jewish settlements as violation of signed agreements, have been angered by the Israeli cabinet's approval of the construction of 2,600 new housing units in four West Bank settlements this week.
Approval for the 3,000 units was given before 1992, when Israel's previous, moderate government announced a freeze on construction in Jewish settlements in the West Bank and Gaza.
JERUSALEM (AP) _ Nearly 6,000 new houses and apartments are under construction in Jewish settlements in the West Bank and Gaza Strip, while close to 3,000 are standing empty, a peace group said Wednesday.
Jewish settlements in the West Bank and Gaza Strip are one of the thorny issues to be solved by Israel and the Palestinians during their final-status talks which have been launched September 13.
JERUSALEM, August 2 (Xinhua) -- The Israeli government today authorized simpler procedure for granting permission for Jewish constructions in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip, in a bid to ease the settlement building freeze imposed by the previous government.
The Peace Now survey showed that at least 2,880 housing units in the Jewish settlements in the Palestinian territories of West Bank and Gaza Strip are vacant.
Muasher's remarks coincided with an Israeli government decision Friday to give tax breaks and generous grants to Jewish settlements in the West Bank and Gaza Strip, a move that could entice more Israelis to settle in the occupied area.
JERUSALEM, June 11 (Xinhua) -- Israeli Army ordered Thursday to set up a force of civilian guards to protect Jewish settlements in the West Bank and Gaza Strip, an army statement announced.
The committee said the money was required because of the recent Israeli-Palestinian peace deal and it would be used for infrastructure work in order to expand Jewish settlements in the West Bank, Israel Radio reported.
JERUSALEM, September 26 (Xinhua) -- Israel's Housing and Construction Ministry has issued 2,600 new tenders for house constructions in the settlements of the West Bank, Israel Radio reported Sunday.
For more than two decades, U.S. governments have held that Israeli settlements in the West Bank are illegal and are obstacles to peace between Israel and the Palestinians.
For more than two decades, U.S. governments have held that Israeli settlements in the West Bank are illegal and are obstacles to peace between Israel and the Palestinians.
JERUSALEM, November 18 (Xinhua) -- The finance committee of Israel's Knesset (parliament) agreed Wednesday to allot 20 million shekels (5 million U.S. dollars) for the expansion of Jewish settlements in the West Bank